                            Automate Daily Tasks
The script automates some of my daily tasks by means of an audible weather report and reading the emails I received in my Inbox out loud while also opening my most used music app.

Firstly, the script goes to the location of the Spotify app on my computer and runs it to allow me to play music. That is done with the use of the OS module by getting the directory of the Spotify app on my local harddisk and then starting the file.
During the wait period of the Spotify app opening up, an audible weather report is played to make use of the waitihg time.

Selenium Webdriver is used to run Google Chrome in order to get the current weather by searching on “Google.com”. Once the page loads with all the weather data, the information - Temperature, Humidity, Precipitation, Wind Speed - is stored in variables. Those variables are then sent to the text box found on the website “TTSreader.com” where the play button is then clicked so that the gathered data about the weather can be played out loud. The CPU thread running the script is then stopped (thread.sleep) for a period of few seconds to allow time for the whole weather report to be played out loud, before moving to the next and final step in the script.

Finally, the Selenium Webdriver opens Microsoft Outlook’s webpage where the email and password of user are sent to, so that the user can sign in into his email account. Once the script is inside the Inbox of the user, most recently received emails are then sent to the same website used in the Weather report, "TTSreader.com”, in order to read the text in the emails out loud, saving the time and effort of having to read such emails by the user himself.